The Prince of Yan said there are fierce beasts in this forest.
Keep your eyes open on patrol.
But besides birds and moths...
I haven't seen a thing.
What's there to fear from wild beasts?
Just kill them.
I'm more afraid of running into a demoness.
You wouldn't have the heart to strike her.
Stage demonesses are pretty and soft.
If we really met one,
it'd be the perfect time for a little fun.
You little brat.
Brothers, go easy on me!
What is that?
This is the long-abandoned Wangmu Temple.
Why would anyone come here to fly a kite?
Don't let your guard down.
Stay alert.
Someone's there!
It's a young girl.
Miss!
Careful!
Miss, come down first.
Come down. I'll help you with it.
All right, all right.
Wait, the string is stuck.
Young man...
You're quite handsome.
May I see your heart?
My heart?
Miss, you...
What are you talking about?
So it's a maiden in the throes of love.
Wu Youzhi, you're blessed.
I can undress you myself.
Miss, please don't.
It's only taking off your clothes.
Why so shy?
You're blushing.
Then I'll help you take it off.
Miss, you...
You're not my Little Auspicious Cloud either.
She's a demon!
Form up!
What kind of monster are you?
Let me see your hearts.
Don't come any closer!
The full moon is almost here.
When will I find him?
My Little Auspicious Cloud...
You're handsome enough,
but you're not the one I seek.
Still, you can be mine.
Eighth Aunt's man...
Master.
Ten-Direction Illusion, Hundred Phantom Realms.
Wind opens the path.
By the way...
don't worry.
Little Butterfly will escort your brothers
back safely.
The Prince of Yan said there are fierce beasts in this forest.
We must be extra careful on patrol.
But besides birds and moths in this forest,
I saw nothing.
What is there to fear from beasts?
Just hunt them down.
I'm more afraid of a demoness.
You couldn't bring yourself to kill one.
The aunts likely didn't notice.
I'll slip out.
Ninth Aunt and Seventh Aunt.
Sixth Aunt.
Third Aunt and Third Uncle.
Fifth Aunt and Fifth Uncle.
You...
Where did this man come from?
A gift for Eighth Aunt.
Bastard.
Three more hours.
Once night falls and the moon is full,
if you still can't find Yulang,
you'll die.
Crimson,
today is your coming-of-age,
your first full moon night.
Your love gu is already stirring.
If before the full moon
you fail to find a man to bear the gu,
make him your jade groom and share the bridal bed,
or you'll suffer bone-chilling cold,
and he will die of a frozen heart.
So
I must find Little Auspicious Cloud
and spend the bridal night with him.
Ninth Aunt...
Crimson.
For us Jade Waist Slaves,
who Yulang is does not matter.
Even ordinary mortal men
are better than nothing.
We can use them
to survive the full moon night,
and
charm them with our words,
make them obey,
and live well here.
What's wrong with that?
Xiaoqi,
I searched two days and nights for your earring.
I finally found it.
Aren't I amazing?
What a dear fool.
Jiang Zhu, come here.
Take another look at your Ninth Aunt's husband.
Me?
I merely mentioned I liked cats.
He couldn't catch one,
so...
he had one embroidered for me.
Sixth Aunt,
Ninth Aunt, Seventh Aunt,
I understand.
Staying alive comes first.
I'll go find Yulang right now.
Still trying to run?
He is Xiao Xiangyun.
Yes.
I verified it.
Twelve years ago,
he truly risked his life to save you.
He even has auspicious-cloud marks.
He is your Little Auspicious Cloud.
His marks have faded.
And...
the mark should be over the heart,
not on the collarbone.
He isn't Xiao Xiangyun.
He's not even that handsome.
And besides, he has to...
I don't want to.
He'll do for tonight.
No!
You want me to treat him as...
I can't do it.
You want to die?
Sixth Aunt, Seventh Aunt, Ninth Aunt,
calm down, please.
The men outside
don't know what we really look like.
Don't even think of going out again.
Shen Miao is nearby.
He's the mortal enemy of the Jade Waist Slaves.
Your mother's dying wish
was for us to protect you.
Today,
whether it's a little auspicious cloud or a dark cloud,
there's no arguing about this.
You two, come with me.
Lock the door.
Ninth Aunt...
She's only trying to save your life.
Read this first.
It may help when the time comes.
Think of him as medicine.
Shut your eyes and swallow it.
I can't. I can't do it.
I...
The full moon rises in three hours.
If this time
we still can't find Little Auspicious Cloud,
you'll be my jade groom.
Good thing I dug a tunnel in secret.
Go to hell!
The Prince of Yan has won a great victory over Kuaiyi!
Five of you went on patrol.
Why did only four return?
Where is Wu Youzhi?
He was just with us.
Where did he go?
Yang Ping, you've got some nerve.
You only showed up after the fighting.
A comrade is missing,
and you know nothing.
It's not like I lost Wu Youzhi.
Enough.
This area likely
still has Kuaiyi remnants.
Zunyang, come with me to find Wu Youzhi.
Yes, sir.
Don't kill me! Don't kill me!
Help!
A coward clinging to life
has no place in the Chiwu Army.
Your Highness.
I remember now.
On our patrol route,
I saw a red cord.
And then I
saw a beautiful woman.
She was like a beast,
and like a demon.
She's a Jade Waist Slave.
Twelve years ago,
they raided our camp,
slaughtered our kin.
We have searched for them for years.
The time for revenge has come.
Split the troops.
Kill
every Jade Waist Slave.
Yes, sir.
The full moon is in two hours.
If I still can't find Little Auspicious Cloud,
I'm dead.
I've waited here all day.
My back aches,
and my face is sunburned.
Why hasn't anyone come?
What a handsome young man.
Heaven bless me.
He's my Little Auspicious Cloud.
At her age,
she couldn't have been there twelve years ago
when the Jade Waist Slaves slaughtered the camp.
Miss, be careful.
Miss!
Come down first.
It's dangerous up there.
Let me help you get it down.
All right, all right.
Young man...
Has anyone told you
how handsome you are?
Everyone says I'm dangerous.
Yet you came here alone.
Aren't you afraid?
Not at all.
From the first glance,
I liked you.
Miss...
You tore my kite.
Why not come down first?
I'll pay you for it.
But...
if you truly want to make it up to me,
there is another way.
What way?
Could you...
let me see your chest?
You want to see my chest?
How did you know?
Why did you hit me?
I thought you were a monster.
Cut open his palm.
Lure the gu with blood.
Once the love gu matures,
it will burrow into his body.
But remember,
I must spend the full moon night with him.
Otherwise,
the unfulfilled-love curse will freeze my heart.
Yulang and I will both die.
I still haven't confirmed you're Xiao Xiangyun.
I can't plant the love gu in you.
Still trying to run?
Monster!
What did you do to me?
You kept chasing me and striking me.
Now the love gu has been planted in you.
What happens next?
You don't want to know.
You've fallen under my longing spell.
You will become my beloved.
On the full moon night,
desire will burn through you.
By then,
cold poison will consume me.
Only union can save us both.
Xiaoqi.
Otherwise,
we will all die.
So...
are you ready?
Impossible.
How can this be?
Absurd.
How could I so easily...
...fall under a demon's spell?
Monster...
Remove this curse from me.
MkvDrama.Net